docs: interface statement can have decorators (#5202)
microsoft/typespec: website/src/content/docs/docs/language-basics/decorators.md

Decorators in TypeSpec allow developers to attach metadata to types within a TypeSpec program. They can also be used to compute types based on their inputs. Decorators form the core of TypeSpec's extensibility, providing the flexibility to describe a wide variety of APIs and associated metadata such as documentation, constraints, samples, and more.

> Various elements of TypeSpec can be decorated.
> Examples include the following,
> 
> * [enums](./enums.md)
> * [interfaces](./interfaces.md)
> * [models](./models.md)
> * [namespaces](./namespaces.md)
> * [operations](./operations.md)
> * [scalar](./scalars.md)
> * [unions](./unions.md)
> 
> and their parameters or members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The vast majority of TypeSpec declarations may be decorated, including [namespaces](./namespaces.md), [interfaces](./interfaces.md), [operations](./operations.md) and their parameters, [scalars](./scalars.md), and [models](./models.md) and their members. In general, any declaration that creates a Type can be decorated. Notably, [aliases](./aliases.md) cannot be decorated, as they do not create new Types, nor can any type expressions such as unions that use the `|` syntax or anonymous models, as they are not declarations.
```
